README.md, before:

# PragmaBrewery

PragmaBrewery Code Challenge.

### Installing app.

You need to install gulp on your machine check this guide [here](https://gulpjs.com/)

First git clone the repo.
Then you just need to run `npm install` to install dev and prod dependencies.

### Run development
- `npm start` to run the project on localhost:3000.

### Run tests
- `npm tests` to run the tests on terminal.

### How does it work
- The refrigerated truck is loaded with multiple containers with beer bottles inside, each
set to a specific temperature and each containing a thermometer sensor.
- Use the red button `Click here to increase` and blue button `Click here to increase` to simulate the temperature in each container.
- When the colour container is "black", means the temperature is okay.
- When the colour container is "red", means the temperature is above the limit.
- When the colour container is "blue", means the temperature is below the limit.

_Note_
This is the version 1.0.0. See below some improvements for the future version 2.0.0:
- New layout implemented with some popular CSS framework, such as Bootstrap.
- Development using Angular version 5.

Commit message:

Include link to Node.js in README.md

README.md, after:

# PragmaBrewery

PragmaBrewery Code Challenge.

### Installing app.

You need to install Node.js on your machine check this guide [here](https://nodejs.org/en/)
You need to install gulp on your machine check this guide [here](https://gulpjs.com/)

First git clone the repo.
Then you just need to run `npm install` to install dev and prod dependencies.

### Run development
- `npm start` to run the project on localhost:3000.

### Run tests
- `npm tests` to run the tests on terminal.

### How does it work
- The refrigerated truck is loaded with multiple containers with beer bottles inside, each
set to a specific temperature and each containing a thermometer sensor.
- Use the red button `Click here to increase` and blue button `Click here to increase` to simulate the temperature in each container.
- When the colour container is "black", means the temperature is okay.
- When the colour container is "red", means the temperature is above the limit.
- When the colour container is "blue", means the temperature is below the limit.

_Note_
This is the version 1.0.0. See below some improvements for the future version 2.0.0:
- New layout implemented with some popular CSS framework, such as Bootstrap.
- Development using Angular version 5.
